In a land far, far away, well closer than we think, a rebellion has begun. Here the land is mostly sand. The sun is hot and there isn’t quite enough refuge. But shade is critical. You don’t want to be trapped in the sun when it’s high above. The night is the time to escape and make your moves. Now the sand. The sand isn’t any normal sand. This sand makes glass. Glass forged at the [[Mount Desolis|mountain of Desolis]] by the [[fire elves]] themselves. This is the land of [[Azilon]].

[[Azilon]] is occupied by many beings, believe it or not. [[Dark elves]] and [[orcs]] primarily, a few golemish creatures here and there, and perhaps most interestingly a new race. A race that is orc/elf hybrid. They call themselves the [[Unditi]]. Let’s start with the [[dark elves]]. After all they think of themselves as most important. The [[dark elves]] can be broken into a number houses. The [[Yazlor]] are the religious type, the [[Khram Chasu]] keep something; like time; the [[Dykuma]] collect all that sand, and the [[Durganda]] are the farmers. The [[orcs]] are slaves. They are the ones who harvest the sand. They gather it and carry it. Day and night! And you don’t want to be out during the day. The golems are built by the houses. They all serve different purposes. Some houses make them to be house keepers, while others can be found in the trenches. Helping the orcs to gather the sand.

[[Unditi]] are new and they have it pretty bad. [[Dark elves]] have their traditions and the [[Unditi]] buck those. But some [[Unditi]] aren’t exactly accepting the status quo. [[Jaafan]] is the leader of these rebels and wants a change. To get this change [[Jaafan]] has been liberating different camps and towns. Is he making friends, building an army, or something else?

Well, I certainly don’t know. But I do know he is responsible for me being here now. It was a normal evening like any other I’ve had. I was out in the sand with the orcs. We had been working the entire day. Dusk was coming on, when the orcs and myself began to see lights grow from the camp. Myself and the twins began our way back to camp. Perhaps curiosity or concern drew us there. What we found was something we couldn’t quite believe. The elves were suppressed, captured or dead and the camp on fire. The orcs were frantic but unscathed. And we found fighters that were orc and elf looking. Myself and my friends gave ourselves up quickly. Eventually we met the leader of the  uprising, it was [[Jaafan]] himself. [[Jaafan]] had no quarrel with us. He offered a spot in his ranks to us, seemingly trying to grow his numbers. I could not accept myself, but [[the twins]] were eager to join. He offered me a chance at freedom. I accepted. Thus I travelled with the horde. Until ultimately we came to the border of [[Azilon]]… and here I am now. There seems to be a change in [[Azilon]]. And only time will tell how this plays out.